bye Jaden's impressing more and more
every turn what skillful play now he'll
be able to attack with each monster
separately about time not only does this
guy have Yugi's deck but he faces UV i'm
not sure what to think who's there show
yourself winged kuriboh this can't be
Jake is in deep trouble unfortunately
Syrus that's the understatement of the
year look what he has to contend against
the Dark Magician of chaos full Life
Points the king of games deck the
trouble isn't deep its subterranean I've
gotta get my game on hold on only
certain duelists to use the gods whatta
now there are four of them excellent I
drew the monster one apart you see if
watapon is drawn to my hand by way of
magic trap or monster effect i can
summon it to the field but still he
won't fail for long because now I'm
going to sacrifice him and bring out
dark magician girl
and you know what that means now I can
combine
smart man he's not that thing on his
head it's worse than that he's wrong
well kid the punishment for stealing has
always been crystal clear straight-up
expulsion but still since I think pretty
much everyone here enjoyed seeing Yugi's
deck in a duel rather than a display
case I doubt anyone will turn you in all
right you should know i'm no wait
no gods please